Add 2022-11-30 agenda and minutes (#486)
solid/specification: meetings/2022-11-30.md

* TBL: Very obscure point, important but "trust between..." is ambiguous. Does it mean you should not build systems where there is no trust? Does it mean that there will be trust between ??? necessarily? The way it is stated is very confusing, not helpful.
* SC: Good self-review because we drafted together :) 
* TBL: Yes, and I thought that when we did.
* SC: First part of this is a note. Second part is ??? That is the one where commenter felt it was unclear. If we focus on that we can move this forward. Line 904.
* TBL: ??? about web app security? If people have have webpages with JS on their pods, the issue ??? Solid doesn't use web origins, but when people use solid pods are ordinary blogs, for example.. 
* SC: Pre-proposal: would you (TBL) or anyone object to not including that statement at all?
* TBL: Happy to leave the whole PR out of next release.
* SC: No objections to the note and people find it useful. It is the second part. I can update PR to remove that. Would you approve?
* TBL: Yes. 

ACTION: SC to update PR to reflect the discussion (remove second part, leave note).

### Agent-specific Discovery
URL: https://woutermont.github.io/solid/agent-specific-discovery.html

> * WT: Proposal is based on stuff already in SAI, but tries to take out a specific part that doesn't belong with the rest, and make it a separate specification. It is concerned with agents/client who want to discover info about some entity; they can not only find public info available in identity document, but can also find an easy way to know where the info specific to that client lives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WT: The proposal is based on specific parts of SAI, that do not necessarily have a strong link with the rest, and make it a separate specification. It is concerned with agents/clients who want to discover info about some entity; they can not only find public info available in identity document, but can also find an easy way to know where the info specific to that client lives. 
```

> * WT: One approach would be to have a lot of `seeAlso`s in the profile document and have the client check all of them. ??? proposes to have a microservice/hub to which an entity within their profile doc points, and the client can ask the service for a pointer to the place where their specific data can be found. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* WT: One approach would be to have a lot of `seeAlso`s in the profile document and have the client check all of them. Because this is not performantly scalable, this document proposes to have a microservice/hub to which an entity points within their profile doc, and the client can ask the service for a pointer to the place where their specific data can be found. 
```

* TBL: Very obscure point, important but "trust between..." is ambiguous. Does it mean you should not build systems where there is no trust? Does it mean that there will be trust between ??? necessarily? The way it is stated is very confusing, not helpful.
* SC: Good self-review because we drafted together :) 
* TBL: Yes, and I thought that when we did.
* SC: First part of this is a note. Second part is ??? That is the one where commenter felt it was unclear. If we focus on that we can move this forward. Line 904.
* TBL: ??? about web app security? If people have have webpages with JS on their pods, the issue ??? Solid doesn't use web origins, but when people use solid pods are ordinary blogs, for example.. 
* SC: Pre-proposal: would you (TBL) or anyone object to not including that statement at all?
* TBL: Happy to leave the whole PR out of next release.
* SC: No objections to the note and people find it useful. It is the second part. I can update PR to remove that. Would you approve?
* TBL: Yes. 

ACTION: SC to update PR to reflect the discussion (remove second part, leave note).

### Agent-specific Discovery
URL: https://woutermont.github.io/solid/agent-specific-discovery.html

> * WT: Proposal based on stuff already in SAI, but tries to take out a specific part that doesn't belong with the rest, and make it a separate specification. It is concerned about agents/client who want to discover info about some entity, can find not only public info available in identity document, but they can also find an easy way to know where the info specific to that client lives. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* WT: Proposal is based on stuff already in SAI, but tries to take out a specific part that doesn't belong with the rest, and make it a separate specification. It is concerned with agents/client who want to discover info about some entity; they can not only find public info available in identity document, but can also find an easy way to know where the info specific to that client lives. 
```

> * WT: One approach would be with a lot of seeAlsos in profile document and have client check all of them. ??? proposes to have a microservice/hub to which an entity points to within their profile doc, and client can ask the service for a pointer to the place where their specific data can be found. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* WT: One approach would be to have a lot of `seeAlso`s in the profile document and have the client check all of them. ??? proposes to have a microservice/hub to which an entity within their profile doc points, and the client can ask the service for a pointer to the place where their specific data can be found. 
```

* SC: How would you like to continue with this proposal?

> * WT: I want to bring awareness. I'd like people to comment on it to see if it's valuable as a separate specification. Would like to invite SAI and WebID Profile editors to react as how they see it fits next to or in line with their proposals. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* WT: I want to bring awareness. I'd like people to comment on it to see if it's valuable as a separate specification. Would like to invite SAI and WebID Profile editors to react as to how they see it fit next-to or in-line with their proposals. 
```

> * VB: We can discuss next WebID-profile meeting. Will make sure to read thought and prepare questions/comments, so that it's productive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* VB: We can discuss this at the next WebID-profile meeting. Will make sure to read through and prepare questions/comments, so that it's productive.
```

> * TBL: In the discovery space there are competing hopefully compatible mechanisms such as type indexes. ??? agent is more complicated. Some of your interventions in Gitter about this, you seem frustrated about the fact that we're not doing things that are compatible with interoperability spec first, but please be gentle about it. We are working first around working code, but we will discuss later on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* TBL: In the discovery space, there are competing, hopefully compatible, mechanisms, such as type indexes. ??? agent is more complicated. In some of your comments in Gitter about this, you seem frustrated about the fact that we're not doing things that are compatible with interoperability spec first, but please be gentle about it. We are working first around working code, but we will discuss later on. 
```

> * SC: I want to make sure there is an editor behind this as a work item. First thing is collaborate with existing panels/specs and see how their proposal fits in, and then we can see whether it is part of existing work item or separate. If we can sync up after we have these initial sessions. Not an issue to work on it as work item, but before putting it into its own spec let's see how it fits in existing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SC: I want to make sure there is an editor behind this as a work item. First thing is to collaborate with existing panels/specs and see how their proposal fits in; then we can see whether it should be part of an existing work item or separate. We can sync up after we have these initial sessions. It's not a problem to work on it as a work item, but before putting it into its own spec, let's see how it fits into existing specs. 
```

* SC: Last call for feedback: 
<https://github.com/solid/notifications/pull/124>, <https://github.com/solid/notifications/pull/122>, <https://github.com/solid/notifications/pull/120>.
* SC: These three PRs are intended to resolve important issues towards the next release of the Notifications Protocol spec. There is an intended [Last Call meeting tomorrow](https://github.com/solid/notifications-panel/pull/83) to wrap up those PRs.

> * SC: One is on the notifications data model ([124](https://github.com/solid/notifications/pull/124)); it has to do with emitted change updates. We're cleaning up requirements in there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SC: [Pull 124](https://github.com/solid/notifications/pull/124) is on the notifications data model; it has to do with emitted change updates. We're cleaning up requirements in there.
```
